WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en   There are levels to AI coding. Beginners There are levels to AI coding. Beginners   There are levels to AI coding. Beginners are prompting, they're waiting for their are prompting, they're waiting for their   are prompting, they're waiting for their agents to finish, they're reviewing the agents to finish, they're reviewing the   agents to finish, they're reviewing the work, and then they're prompting again. work, and then they're prompting again.   work, and then they're prompting again. But, experts figured out how to automate But, experts figured out how to automate   But, experts figured out how to automate the entire workflow. And in this video, the entire workflow. And in this video,   the entire workflow. And in this video, I am going to show you what the absolute I am going to show you what the absolute   I am going to show you what the absolute experts are doing. So, this is all of experts are doing. So, this is all of   experts are doing. So, this is all of what we're going to be going over in what we're going to be going over in   what we're going to be going over in this video, but first, which tools do this video, but first, which tools do   this video, but first, which tools do you use to start? So, I use all of the you use to start? So, I use all of the   you use to start? So, I use all of the agentic coding tools out there. I have agentic coding tools out there. I have   agentic coding tools out there. I have to, it's part of my job, and so I've to, it's part of my job, and so I've   to, it's part of my job, and so I've tested and have experience with all of tested and have experience with all of   tested and have experience with all of them. Right now, my two primary coding them. Right now, my two primary coding   them. Right now, my two primary coding agents are Cursor and Codex. Cursor is agents are Cursor and Codex. Cursor is   agents are Cursor and Codex. Cursor is definitely one of my favorite for definitely one of my favorite for   definitely one of my favorite for multiple reasons. Number one, you can multiple reasons. Number one, you can   multiple reasons. Number one, you can have models from different AI companies. have models from different AI companies.   have models from different AI companies. OpenAI, Anthropic, even Cursor OpenAI, Anthropic, even Cursor   OpenAI, Anthropic, even Cursor themselves has their own model. And not themselves has their own model. And not   themselves has their own model. And not only that, Cursor was one of the first only that, Cursor was one of the first   only that, Cursor was one of the first to have cloud agents, and I'm going to to have cloud agents, and I'm going to   to have cloud agents, and I'm going to get into more details about what cloud get into more details about what cloud   get into more details about what cloud agents are, but just know it's a really agents are, but just know it's a really   agents are, but just know it's a really great feature. So, this is Codex, great feature. So, this is Codex,   great feature. So, this is Codex, definitely one of the best coding definitely one of the best coding   definitely one of the best coding harnesses out there. What I like most of harnesses out there. What I like most of   harnesses out there. What I like most of all about it is the first of all, the all about it is the first of all, the   all about it is the first of all, the design. It's beautiful. And second, it design. It's beautiful. And second, it   design. It's beautiful. And second, it is able to describe what it's building is able to describe what it's building   is able to describe what it's building in a really concise way, and just the in a really concise way, and just the   in a really concise way, and just the overall interaction with the model, the overall interaction with the model, the   overall interaction with the model, the vibe of the model is great. I really vibe of the model is great. I really   vibe of the model is great. I really appreciate how concise the explanations appreciate how concise the explanations   appreciate how concise the explanations are. So, you can see that right here. It are. So, you can see that right here. It   are. So, you can see that right here. It runs commands, then it gives you a runs commands, then it gives you a   runs commands, then it gives you a one-to-two sentence summary of what it one-to-two sentence summary of what it   one-to-two sentence summary of what it just did, and so on and so forth. And just did, and so on and so forth. And   just did, and so on and so forth. And that's what I really appreciate. I that's what I really appreciate. I   that's what I really appreciate. I cannot stand having to read essays about cannot stand having to read essays about   cannot stand having to read essays about what the agent is doing. I want it short what the agent is doing. I want it short   what the agent is doing. I want it short and sweet. Now, Claude Code is great. I and sweet. Now, Claude Code is great. I   and sweet. Now, Claude Code is great. I don't use it all that often just because don't use it all that often just because   don't use it all that often just because I ran out of quota so quickly and so I ran out of quota so quickly and so   I ran out of quota so quickly and so frequently, I just stopped using it as frequently, I just stopped using it as   frequently, I just stopped using it as much. Devin is fantastic and Factory are much. Devin is fantastic and Factory are   much. Devin is fantastic and Factory are all fantastic options. Highly recommend all fantastic options. Highly recommend   all fantastic options. Highly recommend all of them. They all have different all of them. They all have different   all of them. They all have different harnesses, they all have different pros harnesses, they all have different pros   harnesses, they all have different pros and cons. You just need to go out and and cons. You just need to go out and   and cons. You just need to go out and use them and figure out what works best use them and figure out what works best   use them and figure out what works best for you. Next, we're going to be talking for you. Next, we're going to be talking   for you. Next, we're going to be talking about rules, agents.md, about rules, agents.md,   about rules, agents.md, and also Claude.md. and also Claude.md.   and also Claude.md. So, what are these? These are the ways So, what are these? These are the ways   So, what are these? These are the ways to tell these tools exactly how you want to tell these tools exactly how you want   to tell these tools exactly how you want them to work, exactly what your workflow them to work, exactly what your workflow   them to work, exactly what your workflow is, how you like your commit structured, is, how you like your commit structured,   is, how you like your commit structured, how you like your commit messages how you like your commit messages   how you like your commit messages written, the personality of the model written, the personality of the model   written, the personality of the model when it's replying back to you, your when it's replying back to you, your   when it's replying back to you, your coding preferences in general. This is coding preferences in general. This is   coding preferences in general. This is where you define them. Now, basically where you define them. Now, basically   where you define them. Now, basically all of these tools support agents.md all of these tools support agents.md   all of these tools support agents.md with the exception of Claude Code. They with the exception of Claude Code. They   with the exception of Claude Code. They have their own Claude.md. Cursor has have their own Claude.md. Cursor has   have their own Claude.md. Cursor has rules, but it's basically just writing rules, but it's basically just writing   rules, but it's basically just writing to the agents.md file and it very much to the agents.md file and it very much   to the agents.md file and it very much does support agents.md. All right, so if does support agents.md. All right, so if   does support agents.md. All right, so if you're going to be using it in Cursor, you're going to be using it in Cursor,   you're going to be using it in Cursor, go ahead and go into preferences, then go ahead and go into preferences, then   go ahead and go into preferences, then on the left side, you're going to click on the left side, you're going to click   on the left side, you're going to click this little button, rules, skills, sub this little button, rules, skills, sub   this little button, rules, skills, sub agents, and then right here are where agents, and then right here are where   agents, and then right here are where the rules are written. So, if I click the rules are written. So, if I click   the rules are written. So, if I click into one, here we go. Keep responses into one, here we go. Keep responses   into one, here we go. Keep responses short and simple, avoid showing code short and simple, avoid showing code   short and simple, avoid showing code snippets. I can just click in and see snippets. I can just click in and see   snippets. I can just click in and see it. Respond in plain English only, avoid it. Respond in plain English only, avoid   it. Respond in plain English only, avoid talking about specific parts of the talking about specific parts of the   talking about specific parts of the code. Then, we have our project code. Then, we have our project   code. Then, we have our project approach. Avoid writing one-time scripts approach. Avoid writing one-time scripts   approach. Avoid writing one-time scripts in permanent files, don't mock data in permanent files, don't mock data   in permanent files, don't mock data except for tests, etc. And then, of except for tests, etc. And then, of   except for tests, etc. And then, of course, we have the agents file right course, we have the agents file right   course, we have the agents file right here. These are actually learned here. These are actually learned   here. These are actually learned preferences that Cursor writes to as you preferences that Cursor writes to as you   preferences that Cursor writes to as you use it. And you can just add an use it. And you can just add an   use it. And you can just add an agents.md file to any project that agents.md file to any project that   agents.md file to any project that you're working on. You can define you're working on. You can define   you're working on. You can define exactly how you want the model to exactly how you want the model to   exactly how you want the model to behave, exactly what your workflow is, behave, exactly what your workflow is,   behave, exactly what your workflow is, your deployed process, everything. your deployed process, everything.   your deployed process, everything. That's where you put it. And so, if That's where you put it. And so, if   That's where you put it. And so, if you're not using agents.md, I highly you're not using agents.md, I highly   you're not using agents.md, I highly recommend you do. Just start with the recommend you do. Just start with the   recommend you do. Just start with the vibe of the model, the personality of vibe of the model, the personality of   vibe of the model, the personality of the model, define how you want it to the model, define how you want it to   the model, define how you want it to behave and talk to you. And then, from behave and talk to you. And then, from   behave and talk to you. And then, from there, you can learn what you like to there, you can learn what you like to   there, you can learn what you like to do. All right, next, one of the most do. All right, next, one of the most   do. All right, next, one of the most important things that you need to use, important things that you need to use,   important things that you need to use, skills. I cannot stress this enough. You skills. I cannot stress this enough. You   skills. I cannot stress this enough. You want to use a lot of skills. Anything want to use a lot of skills. Anything   want to use a lot of skills. Anything that you do more than once, make it into that you do more than once, make it into   that you do more than once, make it into a skill. Go browse off-the-shelf public a skill. Go browse off-the-shelf public   a skill. Go browse off-the-shelf public skills. There are so many great ones you skills. There are so many great ones you   skills. There are so many great ones you need to use. They are so very important. need to use. They are so very important.   need to use. They are so very important. And so here are some examples of what And so here are some examples of what   And so here are some examples of what you're going to use skills for. First, you're going to use skills for. First,   you're going to use skills for. First, anything that you do more than once. If anything that you do more than once. If   anything that you do more than once. If you do it more than once, it should have you do it more than once, it should have   you do it more than once, it should have been a skill to begin with. You create been a skill to begin with. You create   been a skill to begin with. You create the skill and rather than having to, the skill and rather than having to,   the skill and rather than having to, let's say, copy-paste a prompt over and let's say, copy-paste a prompt over and   let's say, copy-paste a prompt over and over again, you simply type {slash} and over again, you simply type {slash} and   over again, you simply type {slash} and then invoke the skill and then it will then invoke the skill and then it will   then invoke the skill and then it will do that thing for you, whatever it is. do that thing for you, whatever it is.   do that thing for you, whatever it is. So here's an example. I type {slash}, it So here's an example. I type {slash}, it   So here's an example. I type {slash}, it brings up a list of commands and skills brings up a list of commands and skills   brings up a list of commands and skills and what we're going to do is we're and what we're going to do is we're   and what we're going to do is we're going to type auto review, going to type auto review,   going to type auto review, hit enter, and then hit enter again. And hit enter, and then hit enter again. And   hit enter, and then hit enter again. And now that skill is invoked and it's going now that skill is invoked and it's going   now that skill is invoked and it's going to do the auto review skill. And next, to do the auto review skill. And next,   to do the auto review skill. And next, one of the most important tools that I one of the most important tools that I   one of the most important tools that I use for reviewing all of the code that use for reviewing all of the code that   use for reviewing all of the code that AI is writing for me is Greptile. AI is writing for me is Greptile.   AI is writing for me is Greptile. Greptile is fantastic. They're also the Greptile is fantastic. They're also the   Greptile is fantastic. They're also the sponsor of this video. Let me show you sponsor of this video. Let me show you   sponsor of this video. Let me show you how I actually use them in my coding how I actually use them in my coding   how I actually use them in my coding workflow. So I have a Greptile account, workflow. So I have a Greptile account,   workflow. So I have a Greptile account, I connect it to every new repository I connect it to every new repository   I connect it to every new repository that I create, and it automatically does that I create, and it automatically does   that I create, and it automatically does this incredible thing. As soon as a PR this incredible thing. As soon as a PR   this incredible thing. As soon as a PR is opened, Greptile goes in and starts is opened, Greptile goes in and starts   is opened, Greptile goes in and starts reviewing the code. Check this out, reviewing the code. Check this out,   reviewing the code. Check this out, right here. So here's a PR that I right here. So here's a PR that I   right here. So here's a PR that I opened, fix skill import context and opened, fix skill import context and   opened, fix skill import context and scan false positive. Greptile summary. scan false positive. Greptile summary.   scan false positive. Greptile summary. It gives me a summary of what changed. It gives me a summary of what changed.   It gives me a summary of what changed. It also gives me a confidence score, It also gives me a confidence score,   It also gives me a confidence score, zero through five. And that is the zero through five. And that is the   zero through five. And that is the confidence that if I merge this code, if confidence that if I merge this code, if   confidence that if I merge this code, if I merge this PR, it's going to land I merge this PR, it's going to land   I merge this PR, it's going to land successfully and there's not going to be successfully and there's not going to be   successfully and there's not going to be bugs or errors. And it details the bugs or errors. And it details the   bugs or errors. And it details the different files that changed and what different files that changed and what   different files that changed and what changes were made to them. It gives me a changes were made to them. It gives me a   changes were made to them. It gives me a nice flowchart of what was changed in nice flowchart of what was changed in   nice flowchart of what was changed in the pieces of code. and then it tells me the pieces of code. and then it tells me   the pieces of code. and then it tells me specifically issues that it would fix specifically issues that it would fix   specifically issues that it would fix and gives me a prompt to copy-paste into and gives me a prompt to copy-paste into   and gives me a prompt to copy-paste into AI to fix it. Griptile is used already AI to fix it. Griptile is used already   AI to fix it. Griptile is used already by the biggest companies in the world, by the biggest companies in the world,   by the biggest companies in the world, including Nvidia, Compass, WorkOS, including Nvidia, Compass, WorkOS,   including Nvidia, Compass, WorkOS, Zapier, Brex, Scale. So many different Zapier, Brex, Scale. So many different   Zapier, Brex, Scale. So many different companies use Griptile. I highly companies use Griptile. I highly   companies use Griptile. I highly recommend it. I'm going to drop a link recommend it. I'm going to drop a link   recommend it. I'm going to drop a link down below so you can go check them out. down below so you can go check them out.   down below so you can go check them out. Let them know I sent you. It really does Let them know I sent you. It really does   Let them know I sent you. It really does help our channel to let them know that I help our channel to let them know that I   help our channel to let them know that I sent you. So please go check them out. sent you. So please go check them out.   sent you. So please go check them out. They've been a great partner. Links down They've been a great partner. Links down   They've been a great partner. Links down below. Next is when you have below. Next is when you have   below. Next is when you have domain-specific domain-specific   domain-specific rules. So if your company has a specific rules. So if your company has a specific   rules. So if your company has a specific writing style, if you have a certain way writing style, if you have a certain way   writing style, if you have a certain way you like to write up GitHub issues, if you like to write up GitHub issues, if   you like to write up GitHub issues, if you have certain company information you you have certain company information you   you have certain company information you want to provide to the agent, do that want to provide to the agent, do that   want to provide to the agent, do that all within a skill. Next, and maybe one all within a skill. Next, and maybe one   all within a skill. Next, and maybe one of the most important uses of skills, of the most important uses of skills,   of the most important uses of skills, tool instructions. Tools are executable tool instructions. Tools are executable   tool instructions. Tools are executable pieces of code that can be called from a pieces of code that can be called from a   pieces of code that can be called from a skill. So if you have a specific way skill. So if you have a specific way   skill. So if you have a specific way that you kick off tests, for example, or that you kick off tests, for example, or   that you kick off tests, for example, or if you want to only wrote a subset of if you want to only wrote a subset of   if you want to only wrote a subset of the tests, or how to use a certain API the tests, or how to use a certain API   the tests, or how to use a certain API or CLI, all of this can be defined in a or CLI, all of this can be defined in a   or CLI, all of this can be defined in a skill, and that's how you use it. You skill, and that's how you use it. You   skill, and that's how you use it. You don't have to redefine all of it. You don't have to redefine all of it. You   don't have to redefine all of it. You don't have to provide that context about don't have to provide that context about   don't have to provide that context about what the API endpoints are, what what the API endpoints are, what   what the API endpoints are, what responses it should expect. It's all responses it should expect. It's all   responses it should expect. It's all going to be defined in that skill that going to be defined in that skill that   going to be defined in that skill that you can just reuse as many times as you you can just reuse as many times as you   you can just reuse as many times as you want. And the cool thing is the agents want. And the cool thing is the agents   want. And the cool thing is the agents can actually discover and determine can actually discover and determine   can actually discover and determine which skills it should be using at which skills it should be using at   which skills it should be using at runtime. So you don't actually have to runtime. So you don't actually have to   runtime. So you don't actually have to say {slash} you know, whatever the skill say {slash} you know, whatever the skill   say {slash} you know, whatever the skill is, the agent will know when to use it. is, the agent will know when to use it.   is, the agent will know when to use it. And then last, quality gates. So if you And then last, quality gates. So if you   And then last, quality gates. So if you want to say, "Okay, before we open a PR, want to say, "Okay, before we open a PR,   want to say, "Okay, before we open a PR, I want to run all tests locally, and I I want to run all tests locally, and I   I want to run all tests locally, and I want to make sure we have 100% pass want to make sure we have 100% pass   want to make sure we have 100% pass rate, and if we don't pass, fix the rate, and if we don't pass, fix the   rate, and if we don't pass, fix the test." If you want all of that process test." If you want all of that process   test." If you want all of that process defined and easily invoked, you can put defined and easily invoked, you can put   defined and easily invoked, you can put that in a skill. And by the way, there that in a skill. And by the way, there   that in a skill. And by the way, there are tons of off-the-shelf skills that are tons of off-the-shelf skills that   are tons of off-the-shelf skills that you can use right now. So, for example, you can use right now. So, for example,   you can use right now. So, for example, here's one called Agent Skills. It has here's one called Agent Skills. It has   here's one called Agent Skills. It has 61,000 stars on GitHub, and it gives you 61,000 stars on GitHub, and it gives you   61,000 stars on GitHub, and it gives you everything you need for your development everything you need for your development   everything you need for your development cycle. Everything from refining an idea cycle. Everything from refining an idea   cycle. Everything from refining an idea to specking the PRD, implementing the to specking the PRD, implementing the   to specking the PRD, implementing the code, testing, QA, and deployment. It's code, testing, QA, and deployment. It's   code, testing, QA, and deployment. It's just all there. It has very opinionated just all there. It has very opinionated   just all there. It has very opinionated ways of doing things. So, if you like ways of doing things. So, if you like   ways of doing things. So, if you like that, great, just use it. All you have that, great, just use it. All you have   that, great, just use it. All you have to do is grab the URL, go to Cursor, go to do is grab the URL, go to Cursor, go   to do is grab the URL, go to Cursor, go to Codex, go to Factory, wherever you to Codex, go to Factory, wherever you   to Codex, go to Factory, wherever you want, put it in and say, "Install this want, put it in and say, "Install this   want, put it in and say, "Install this skill." And then you just hit enter, and skill." And then you just hit enter, and   skill." And then you just hit enter, and it's going to install the skill for you. it's going to install the skill for you.   it's going to install the skill for you. You really don't need to do anything You really don't need to do anything   You really don't need to do anything else, and then it'll be available. else, and then it'll be available.   else, and then it'll be available. Sometimes you have to restart the Sometimes you have to restart the   Sometimes you have to restart the software for the skill to become software for the skill to become   software for the skill to become available, but that's about it. The next available, but that's about it. The next   available, but that's about it. The next two things I want to talk about are two things I want to talk about are   two things I want to talk about are different but very related. Automations different but very related. Automations   different but very related. Automations and loops. Automations allow you to and loops. Automations allow you to   and loops. Automations allow you to prompt your model automatically prompt your model automatically   prompt your model automatically depending on some trigger. I'm going to depending on some trigger. I'm going to   depending on some trigger. I'm going to show you what that means. And loops show you what that means. And loops   show you what that means. And loops allows your agent to run indefinitely allows your agent to run indefinitely   allows your agent to run indefinitely until it hits a certain goal. And I'm until it hits a certain goal. And I'm   until it hits a certain goal. And I'm going to show you that specifically as going to show you that specifically as   going to show you that specifically as well. This is what the best of the best well. This is what the best of the best   well. This is what the best of the best Agentech coders out there are using. So, Agentech coders out there are using. So,   Agentech coders out there are using. So, in most tools, I'm going to show you in most tools, I'm going to show you   in most tools, I'm going to show you this in Cursor and in Codex, there is a this in Cursor and in Codex, there is a   this in Cursor and in Codex, there is a first-class feature called automation. first-class feature called automation.   first-class feature called automation. So, this is Cursor. In the top left, I So, this is Cursor. In the top left, I   So, this is Cursor. In the top left, I have this automations right here. We're have this automations right here. We're   have this automations right here. We're going to click it, and what we can do is going to click it, and what we can do is   going to click it, and what we can do is click this create new automation button click this create new automation button   click this create new automation button right there. The first thing you need is right there. The first thing you need is   right there. The first thing you need is a trigger, then you're going to give a trigger, then you're going to give   a trigger, then you're going to give your agent instructions, a prompt, and your agent instructions, a prompt, and   your agent instructions, a prompt, and then you can also include memories or then you can also include memories or   then you can also include memories or add tools or MCP servers. We'll keep it add tools or MCP servers. We'll keep it   add tools or MCP servers. We'll keep it simple. So, as I just showed you with simple. So, as I just showed you with   simple. So, as I just showed you with Greptile, I want my agent, after Greptile, I want my agent, after   Greptile, I want my agent, after Greptile leaves its comments, to Greptile leaves its comments, to   Greptile leaves its comments, to automatically review the comments, fix automatically review the comments, fix   automatically review the comments, fix them, and then resubmit the PR. And so, them, and then resubmit the PR. And so,   them, and then resubmit the PR. And so, let's just automate that. Let Let show let's just automate that. Let Let show   let's just automate that. Let Let show you how. The trigger, we'll select you how. The trigger, we'll select   you how. The trigger, we'll select GitHub, and we can see pull request GitHub, and we can see pull request   GitHub, and we can see pull request opened. So, that's when a pull request opened. So, that's when a pull request   opened. So, that's when a pull request gets opened. Now, there's one problem. gets opened. Now, there's one problem.   gets opened. Now, there's one problem. The pull request will get opened and The pull request will get opened and   The pull request will get opened and trigger the automation, but Greptile may trigger the automation, but Greptile may   trigger the automation, but Greptile may not have had enough time to actually not have had enough time to actually   not have had enough time to actually review the code. So, what do we do? review the code. So, what do we do?   review the code. So, what do we do? We'll just say, "Wait until you see We'll just say, "Wait until you see   We'll just say, "Wait until you see Greptile's comments on the PR." Now, Greptile's comments on the PR." Now,   Greptile's comments on the PR." Now, because I wrote that, it will literally because I wrote that, it will literally   because I wrote that, it will literally just wait, which is nice. Then, once you just wait, which is nice. Then, once you   just wait, which is nice. Then, once you do go through each of them, each of the do go through each of them, each of the   do go through each of them, each of the comments, and address the comments. Once comments, and address the comments. Once   comments, and address the comments. Once you're done, push the new code back to you're done, push the new code back to   you're done, push the new code back to the PR. And that's it. Now, every single the PR. And that's it. Now, every single   the PR. And that's it. Now, every single PR that opens, Greptile will review it. PR that opens, Greptile will review it.   PR that opens, Greptile will review it. This agent will wait until the comments This agent will wait until the comments   This agent will wait until the comments are there from Greptile, then it will are there from Greptile, then it will   are there from Greptile, then it will address the comments and push the code. address the comments and push the code.   address the comments and push the code. Make sure you're selecting the right Make sure you're selecting the right   Make sure you're selecting the right repo, so I'm going to select Astro Hub repo, so I'm going to select Astro Hub   repo, so I'm going to select Astro Hub by anyone. And then last, before we by anyone. And then last, before we   by anyone. And then last, before we create this, Cursor does this cool thing create this, Cursor does this cool thing   create this, Cursor does this cool thing where it automatically identified tools where it automatically identified tools   where it automatically identified tools that we might need to make this that we might need to make this   that we might need to make this automation work. So, it highlighted this automation work. So, it highlighted this   automation work. So, it highlighted this address the comments. Some tools might address the comments. Some tools might   address the comments. Some tools might not be configured yet. Let's click not be configured yet. Let's click   not be configured yet. Let's click tools, go down to the GitHub tool, tools, go down to the GitHub tool,   tools, go down to the GitHub tool, comment on pull request, and then we're comment on pull request, and then we're   comment on pull request, and then we're done. Hit create, and that's it. Now, we done. Hit create, and that's it. Now, we   done. Hit create, and that's it. Now, we have that running automatically. Super have that running automatically. Super   have that running automatically. Super useful, and also in Codex, it's kind of useful, and also in Codex, it's kind of   useful, and also in Codex, it's kind of the same thing. Click up here to the same thing. Click up here to   the same thing. Click up here to automations. You can either create via automations. You can either create via   automations. You can either create via chat and just describe in natural chat and just describe in natural   chat and just describe in natural language the automation you want, or you language the automation you want, or you   language the automation you want, or you can click this drop-down, create it can click this drop-down, create it   can click this drop-down, create it manually, manually,   manually, and then you use a title, you add the and then you use a title, you add the   and then you use a title, you add the prompt, you can select which repo down prompt, you can select which repo down   prompt, you can select which repo down here, how it's scheduled, you can give here, how it's scheduled, you can give   here, how it's scheduled, you can give it memories and tools. It's very similar it memories and tools. It's very similar   it memories and tools. It's very similar to how they do it in Cursor. I cannot to how they do it in Cursor. I cannot   to how they do it in Cursor. I cannot recommend using these automations recommend using these automations   recommend using these automations enough. If you, again, are typing the enough. If you, again, are typing the   enough. If you, again, are typing the same thing over and over again, or same thing over and over again, or   same thing over and over again, or you're doing the same process over and you're doing the same process over and   you're doing the same process over and over again, automations are the way to over again, automations are the way to   over again, automations are the way to save you a ton of time. Now, let's talk save you a ton of time. Now, let's talk   save you a ton of time. Now, let's talk about loops. And in fact, I've been about loops. And in fact, I've been   about loops. And in fact, I've been thinking so much about loops, I actually thinking so much about loops, I actually   thinking so much about loops, I actually created a loop library, which I'm created a loop library, which I'm   created a loop library, which I'm announcing for the first time today. It announcing for the first time today. It   announcing for the first time today. It is a completely free library of loops is a completely free library of loops   is a completely free library of loops that I have used, that I've found others that I have used, that I've found others   that I have used, that I've found others have used, and if you have your own have used, and if you have your own   have used, and if you have your own loops and want to submit them, you can loops and want to submit them, you can   loops and want to submit them, you can do that. So, here it is, do that. So, here it is,   do that. So, here it is, signals.fordfuture.ai/loop-library.       I know it's long, I'll drop it down in I know it's long, I'll drop it down in   I know it's long, I'll drop it down in the description below. All you got to do the description below. All you got to do   the description below. All you got to do is bookmark it. Here's the loop library, is bookmark it. Here's the loop library,   is bookmark it. Here's the loop library, and we have a few right now, but I'm and we have a few right now, but I'm   and we have a few right now, but I'm going to be growing this list, and you going to be growing this list, and you   going to be growing this list, and you can always come here. It will always be can always come here. It will always be   can always come here. It will always be free, and I'm hosting it on here.now. free, and I'm hosting it on here.now.   free, and I'm hosting it on here.now. So, thank you to them for hosting and So, thank you to them for hosting and   So, thank you to them for hosting and partnering with me on the loop library. partnering with me on the loop library.   partnering with me on the loop library. All right, so, what is a loop? Well, All right, so, what is a loop? Well,   All right, so, what is a loop? Well, it's kind of exactly what it sounds it's kind of exactly what it sounds   it's kind of exactly what it sounds like. You have some kind of process that like. You have some kind of process that   like. You have some kind of process that loops over itself, right? Over and over loops over itself, right? Over and over   loops over itself, right? Over and over again. Very simple. But, what does that again. Very simple. But, what does that   again. Very simple. But, what does that actually mean? A loop contains three actually mean? A loop contains three   actually mean? A loop contains three things. One, some trigger to start the things. One, some trigger to start the   things. One, some trigger to start the loop. Two, some action that it does over loop. Two, some action that it does over   loop. Two, some action that it does over and over again. And then three, some and over again. And then three, some   and over again. And then three, some goal. Some end goal so that it just goal. Some end goal so that it just   goal. Some end goal so that it just doesn't run forever. And the loop will doesn't run forever. And the loop will   doesn't run forever. And the loop will stop once that goal is met. Now, back to stop once that goal is met. Now, back to   stop once that goal is met. Now, back to the loop library, what does that the loop library, what does that   the loop library, what does that actually mean in practice? A lot of actually mean in practice? A lot of   actually mean in practice? A lot of people talk about this in very hand-wavy people talk about this in very hand-wavy   people talk about this in very hand-wavy theoretical ways, wanted to actually theoretical ways, wanted to actually   theoretical ways, wanted to actually give you very concrete, practical loops give you very concrete, practical loops   give you very concrete, practical loops that you can start using today. And I'm that you can start using today. And I'm   that you can start using today. And I'm also going to explain why automations also going to explain why automations   also going to explain why automations and loops kind of go hand-in-hand a lot and loops kind of go hand-in-hand a lot   and loops kind of go hand-in-hand a lot of times. They don't always need to, but of times. They don't always need to, but   of times. They don't always need to, but it's nice to be able to kick off a loop it's nice to be able to kick off a loop   it's nice to be able to kick off a loop automatically. So, here's an example. automatically. So, here's an example.   automatically. So, here's an example. This is the overnight docs sweep loop. This is the overnight docs sweep loop.   This is the overnight docs sweep loop. Basically, what it does is it says, Basically, what it does is it says,   Basically, what it does is it says, "Each night, review the codebase in full "Each night, review the codebase in full   "Each night, review the codebase in full and make sure all documentation reflects and make sure all documentation reflects   and make sure all documentation reflects the latest changes from the previous the latest changes from the previous   the latest changes from the previous day. Update the documentation as needed, day. Update the documentation as needed,   day. Update the documentation as needed, then open a pull request with those then open a pull request with those   then open a pull request with those changes." The point is to keep all of changes." The point is to keep all of   changes." The point is to keep all of the documentation in my app, whether the documentation in my app, whether   the documentation in my app, whether it's the public-facing readme or it's the public-facing readme or   it's the public-facing readme or internal documentation, as up-to-date as internal documentation, as up-to-date as   internal documentation, as up-to-date as possible at all times. And so, I run possible at all times. And so, I run   possible at all times. And so, I run this in an automation and I say, "Okay, this in an automation and I say, "Okay,   this in an automation and I say, "Okay, at 1:00 a.m. run this automation." So, at 1:00 a.m. run this automation." So,   at 1:00 a.m. run this automation." So, it looks at all the changes that I made it looks at all the changes that I made   it looks at all the changes that I made from the previous day, compares it to from the previous day, compares it to   from the previous day, compares it to the documentation, and sees if there are the documentation, and sees if there are   the documentation, and sees if there are any gaps in the documentation, and any gaps in the documentation, and   any gaps in the documentation, and updates them appropriately. Here's updates them appropriately. Here's   updates them appropriately. Here's another amazing one that is really just another amazing one that is really just   another amazing one that is really just saved me a ton of time. This is called saved me a ton of time. This is called   saved me a ton of time. This is called the sub-50 ms page load loop. I the sub-50 ms page load loop. I   the sub-50 ms page load loop. I basically set up a loop for my agent to basically set up a loop for my agent to   basically set up a loop for my agent to go through my entire app, load every go through my entire app, load every   go through my entire app, load every single page, every single modal, every single page, every single modal, every   single page, every single modal, every single sidebar, everything. And if any single sidebar, everything. And if any   single sidebar, everything. And if any one of them loads in over 50 ms, I want one of them loads in over 50 ms, I want   one of them loads in over 50 ms, I want it to optimize the queries, optimize the it to optimize the queries, optimize the   it to optimize the queries, optimize the website, do whatever it needs to do to website, do whatever it needs to do to   website, do whatever it needs to do to make sure every single thing loads in make sure every single thing loads in   make sure every single thing loads in under 50 ms. So, the loop is continue under 50 ms. So, the loop is continue   under 50 ms. So, the loop is continue until everything loads in under 50 ms. until everything loads in under 50 ms.   until everything loads in under 50 ms. And I've had this thing run for hours And I've had this thing run for hours   And I've had this thing run for hours and hours and hours, and it really does and hours and hours, and it really does   and hours and hours, and it really does help. When it was finally finished, the help. When it was finally finished, the   help. When it was finally finished, the app was lightning fast. Now, I want to app was lightning fast. Now, I want to   app was lightning fast. Now, I want to show one more loop, and again, I'll drop show one more loop, and again, I'll drop   show one more loop, and again, I'll drop a link to the loop library down below so a link to the loop library down below so   a link to the loop library down below so you can check out all of them, and you can check out all of them, and   you can check out all of them, and please submit your loops. If you have please submit your loops. If you have   please submit your loops. If you have awesome loops that you use all the time awesome loops that you use all the time   awesome loops that you use all the time that are generalized and anybody can use that are generalized and anybody can use   that are generalized and anybody can use them, please go submit them. So, this is them, please go submit them. So, this is   them, please go submit them. So, this is called the production error sweep. I do called the production error sweep. I do   called the production error sweep. I do this every single night. I have an agent this every single night. I have an agent   this every single night. I have an agent kick off that looks at our production kick off that looks at our production   kick off that looks at our production logs and looks for any errors and logs and looks for any errors and   logs and looks for any errors and analyzes the error, tries to figure out analyzes the error, tries to figure out   analyzes the error, tries to figure out what caused it, writes up a fix for it, what caused it, writes up a fix for it,   what caused it, writes up a fix for it, and then submits a PR. And so, anytime and then submits a PR. And so, anytime   and then submits a PR. And so, anytime there's an error, and I really do have there's an error, and I really do have   there's an error, and I really do have full log coverage, which I would highly full log coverage, which I would highly   full log coverage, which I would highly recommend. I'll get to more of those recommend. I'll get to more of those   recommend. I'll get to more of those tips later. But, any error that happens, tips later. But, any error that happens,   tips later. But, any error that happens, any error that shows up in the log, when any error that shows up in the log, when   any error that shows up in the log, when I wake up, there's already a fix for it. I wake up, there's already a fix for it.   I wake up, there's already a fix for it. It's so cool. All right, so now that you It's so cool. All right, so now that you   It's so cool. All right, so now that you know about automations and loops, let me know about automations and loops, let me   know about automations and loops, let me give you some quick best practices. give you some quick best practices.   give you some quick best practices. Essentially, there is no reason to have Essentially, there is no reason to have   Essentially, there is no reason to have sub-optimal code at this point because sub-optimal code at this point because   sub-optimal code at this point because you can have 100% test coverage at all you can have 100% test coverage at all   you can have 100% test coverage at all times. You can kick off an automation times. You can kick off an automation   times. You can kick off an automation that checks if you do not have full that checks if you do not have full   that checks if you do not have full coverage and if you don't, write tests coverage and if you don't, write tests   coverage and if you don't, write tests to make sure you have full coverage. to make sure you have full coverage.   to make sure you have full coverage. There is really no reason not to. There There is really no reason not to. There   There is really no reason not to. There is no reason to have stale or missing is no reason to have stale or missing   is no reason to have stale or missing documentation for the same exact reason. documentation for the same exact reason.   documentation for the same exact reason. You kick off an agent and make sure all You kick off an agent and make sure all   You kick off an agent and make sure all of the functionality in your app, every of the functionality in your app, every   of the functionality in your app, every single day as it changes, gets updated single day as it changes, gets updated   single day as it changes, gets updated in that documentation. I cannot in that documentation. I cannot   in that documentation. I cannot recommend that enough. And then last, recommend that enough. And then last,   recommend that enough. And then last, have exhaustive logging. Log everything. have exhaustive logging. Log everything.   have exhaustive logging. Log everything. It really doesn't cost that much. You It really doesn't cost that much. You   It really doesn't cost that much. You can always have some like 30-day window can always have some like 30-day window   can always have some like 30-day window for logging or 7-day window for logging, for logging or 7-day window for logging,   for logging or 7-day window for logging, but you want to store all logs because but you want to store all logs because   but you want to store all logs because you could just task your agent with you could just task your agent with   you could just task your agent with fixing any errors that come up. It's so fixing any errors that come up. It's so   fixing any errors that come up. It's so brilliant, this flywheel of perfect brilliant, this flywheel of perfect   brilliant, this flywheel of perfect test, perfect documentation, and perfect test, perfect documentation, and perfect   test, perfect documentation, and perfect logging. Have these three in your code logging. Have these three in your code   logging. Have these three in your code base. I cannot recommend this enough. base. I cannot recommend this enough.   base. I cannot recommend this enough. All right, next let's talk about cloud All right, next let's talk about cloud   All right, next let's talk about cloud versus local agents. Most AI coding versus local agents. Most AI coding   versus local agents. Most AI coding tools have both. The big ones that tools have both. The big ones that   tools have both. The big ones that you've heard of definitely have both. you've heard of definitely have both.   you've heard of definitely have both. Cursor was really the first one to have Cursor was really the first one to have   Cursor was really the first one to have cloud agents, but Claude Code has it, cloud agents, but Claude Code has it,   cloud agents, but Claude Code has it, Codex has it, and what it basically Codex has it, and what it basically   Codex has it, and what it basically means is that you can spin up a means is that you can spin up a   means is that you can spin up a completely isolated environment for your completely isolated environment for your   completely isolated environment for your code base for each individual agent and code base for each individual agent and   code base for each individual agent and it's not running on your computer. And it's not running on your computer. And   it's not running on your computer. And this is really good for a lot of this is really good for a lot of   this is really good for a lot of reasons. Number one, it is infinitely reasons. Number one, it is infinitely   reasons. Number one, it is infinitely parallel because you're not depending on parallel because you're not depending on   parallel because you're not depending on the CPU or the RAM of your computer, the CPU or the RAM of your computer,   the CPU or the RAM of your computer, your home desktop or laptop to run a ton your home desktop or laptop to run a ton   your home desktop or laptop to run a ton of agents in parallel. You're using the of agents in parallel. You're using the   of agents in parallel. You're using the cloud. You are using a massive data cloud. You are using a massive data   cloud. You are using a massive data center to power this, so you really center to power this, so you really   center to power this, so you really don't have to think all that much about, don't have to think all that much about,   don't have to think all that much about, "Hmm, can I spin up 10, 20, 30 agents?" "Hmm, can I spin up 10, 20, 30 agents?"   "Hmm, can I spin up 10, 20, 30 agents?" It'll just work. Next, it is accessible It'll just work. Next, it is accessible   It'll just work. Next, it is accessible from anywhere. Most of these AI tools from anywhere. Most of these AI tools   from anywhere. Most of these AI tools have mobile apps, and you can log in and have mobile apps, and you can log in and   have mobile apps, and you can log in and manage your cloud agent from anywhere, manage your cloud agent from anywhere,   manage your cloud agent from anywhere, and it's very useful for coding on the and it's very useful for coding on the   and it's very useful for coding on the go. Now, of course, Claude Code and go. Now, of course, Claude Code and   go. Now, of course, Claude Code and Codex both allow you to control your Codex both allow you to control your   Codex both allow you to control your local agents remotely, but again, you local agents remotely, but again, you   local agents remotely, but again, you start running into some of those start running into some of those   start running into some of those bandwidth constraints because you're bandwidth constraints because you're   bandwidth constraints because you're running it locally. Next, one of the running it locally. Next, one of the   running it locally. Next, one of the most important reasons to use cloud most important reasons to use cloud   most important reasons to use cloud agents is that they run on completely agents is that they run on completely   agents is that they run on completely isolated environments, which means if isolated environments, which means if   isolated environments, which means if you have multiple agents all writing to you have multiple agents all writing to   you have multiple agents all writing to the same repo, they're not going to the same repo, they're not going to   the same repo, they're not going to conflict with each other, which is an conflict with each other, which is an   conflict with each other, which is an issue that I have all the time. Even if issue that I have all the time. Even if   issue that I have all the time. Even if I am spinning up new work trees locally I am spinning up new work trees locally   I am spinning up new work trees locally for every one of my agents, I still run for every one of my agents, I still run   for every one of my agents, I still run into these weird edge cases, and it into these weird edge cases, and it   into these weird edge cases, and it doesn't always work flawlessly like it doesn't always work flawlessly like it   doesn't always work flawlessly like it does if you're using a cloud agent. does if you're using a cloud agent.   does if you're using a cloud agent. Also, when you use cloud agents, there Also, when you use cloud agents, there   Also, when you use cloud agents, there are some really unique features, are some really unique features,   are some really unique features, dependent on which AI tool you're using. dependent on which AI tool you're using.   dependent on which AI tool you're using. For example, Cursor has this incredible For example, Cursor has this incredible   For example, Cursor has this incredible feature that gives you a video and feature that gives you a video and   feature that gives you a video and screenshots of the changes it made. You screenshots of the changes it made. You   screenshots of the changes it made. You don't have to ask for it, it just does don't have to ask for it, it just does   don't have to ask for it, it just does it. So, rather than just trusting that it. So, rather than just trusting that   it. So, rather than just trusting that it got something done, you can actually it got something done, you can actually   it got something done, you can actually see it. Check this out. So, here it is. see it. Check this out. So, here it is.   see it. Check this out. So, here it is. I added a new loading icon to my app, I added a new loading icon to my app,   I added a new loading icon to my app, and we can see there it is. And it and we can see there it is. And it   and we can see there it is. And it literally just showed me a video of it. literally just showed me a video of it.   literally just showed me a video of it. So, really cool, useful feature. Now, So, really cool, useful feature. Now,   So, really cool, useful feature. Now, there are some drawbacks to using cloud there are some drawbacks to using cloud   there are some drawbacks to using cloud agents. Let me tell you why sometimes agents. Let me tell you why sometimes   agents. Let me tell you why sometimes local is better. Number one is it's local is better. Number one is it's   local is better. Number one is it's faster. faster.   faster. It is much faster because you always It is much faster because you always   It is much faster because you always have an environment ready to go on your have an environment ready to go on your   have an environment ready to go on your local machine, versus the cloud, which local machine, versus the cloud, which   local machine, versus the cloud, which has to spin up a new environment for has to spin up a new environment for   has to spin up a new environment for every single agent that you kick off. every single agent that you kick off.   every single agent that you kick off. And there's a little bit of latency that And there's a little bit of latency that   And there's a little bit of latency that you pay there. It's not huge, but it is you pay there. It's not huge, but it is   you pay there. It's not huge, but it is something. Number two, you get more something. Number two, you get more   something. Number two, you get more control. When it's running on your own control. When it's running on your own   control. When it's running on your own computer, when you can actually see the computer, when you can actually see the   computer, when you can actually see the files being changed on your own files being changed on your own   files being changed on your own computer, you do have a better sense of computer, you do have a better sense of   computer, you do have a better sense of control over what's going on. Also, control over what's going on. Also,   control over what's going on. Also, cloud agents don't always have the cloud agents don't always have the   cloud agents don't always have the latest and greatest features released by latest and greatest features released by   latest and greatest features released by these AI coding tools. So, most likely, these AI coding tools. So, most likely,   these AI coding tools. So, most likely, the latest and greatest features are the latest and greatest features are   the latest and greatest features are going to ship with your local agents and going to ship with your local agents and   going to ship with your local agents and then later show up in the cloud. But, to then later show up in the cloud. But, to   then later show up in the cloud. But, to be honest, I am most likely going to be be honest, I am most likely going to be   be honest, I am most likely going to be moving my entire workflow to cloud moving my entire workflow to cloud   moving my entire workflow to cloud agents. There are just too many benefits agents. There are just too many benefits   agents. There are just too many benefits to moving all of this to the cloud, to moving all of this to the cloud,   to moving all of this to the cloud, especially when you start running a especially when you start running a   especially when you start running a bunch of agents in parallel, which, you bunch of agents in parallel, which, you   bunch of agents in parallel, which, you know, when I'm running 12, 15, 20 agents know, when I'm running 12, 15, 20 agents   know, when I'm running 12, 15, 20 agents in parallel on my computer, my computer in parallel on my computer, my computer   in parallel on my computer, my computer slows to a crawl. There's no avoiding slows to a crawl. There's no avoiding   slows to a crawl. There's no avoiding it. Now, I mentioned work trees, I just it. Now, I mentioned work trees, I just   it. Now, I mentioned work trees, I just want to touch on that one more time. All want to touch on that one more time. All   want to touch on that one more time. All right, so what is a work tree? A work right, so what is a work tree? A work   right, so what is a work tree? A work tree is a second working folder, tree is a second working folder,   tree is a second working folder, basically a copy of your repo, that is basically a copy of your repo, that is   basically a copy of your repo, that is separate from your other one. So, I separate from your other one. So, I   separate from your other one. So, I typically spin up work trees for every typically spin up work trees for every   typically spin up work trees for every agent. And so, that means each agent can agent. And so, that means each agent can   agent. And so, that means each agent can make changes to the same set of files, make changes to the same set of files,   make changes to the same set of files, to the same methods, and then the merge, to the same methods, and then the merge,   to the same methods, and then the merge, when I finally merge it later, that's when I finally merge it later, that's   when I finally merge it later, that's when we're going to resolve all the when we're going to resolve all the   when we're going to resolve all the conflicts. The problem with not using conflicts. The problem with not using   conflicts. The problem with not using work trees is if you have a bunch of work trees is if you have a bunch of   work trees is if you have a bunch of agents and they start writing to the agents and they start writing to the   agents and they start writing to the same file, they're going to get confused same file, they're going to get confused   same file, they're going to get confused and they're going to spin out of and they're going to spin out of   and they're going to spin out of control. It's very frustrating. So, try control. It's very frustrating. So, try   control. It's very frustrating. So, try to use work trees as much as possible. to use work trees as much as possible.   to use work trees as much as possible. Now, there is some latency that you pay Now, there is some latency that you pay   Now, there is some latency that you pay with using work trees, but overall, with using work trees, but overall,   with using work trees, but overall, there really isn't much downside to just there really isn't much downside to just   there really isn't much downside to just using work trees for all of your agent using work trees for all of your agent   using work trees for all of your agent threads. Now, work trees are very easy threads. Now, work trees are very easy   threads. Now, work trees are very easy to spin up. Here it is in Cursor. So, to spin up. Here it is in Cursor. So,   to spin up. Here it is in Cursor. So, here's my repo, here's the branch that here's my repo, here's the branch that   here's my repo, here's the branch that I'm using, and right here where it says I'm using, and right here where it says   I'm using, and right here where it says cloud, this is if you wanted to spin up cloud, this is if you wanted to spin up   cloud, this is if you wanted to spin up a cloud agent, you can select just the a cloud agent, you can select just the   a cloud agent, you can select just the repo itself and all of the agents are repo itself and all of the agents are   repo itself and all of the agents are going to work in the same work tree. And going to work in the same work tree. And   going to work in the same work tree. And if you click right here a new work tree, if you click right here a new work tree,   if you click right here a new work tree, that allows you to spin up a new work that allows you to spin up a new work   that allows you to spin up a new work tree for that agent. And so, that's it. tree for that agent. And so, that's it.   tree for that agent. And so, that's it. You're done. It's that easy. In Codex, You're done. It's that easy. In Codex,   You're done. It's that easy. In Codex, very similar. Right here where it says very similar. Right here where it says   very similar. Right here where it says cloud, you click it. Instead, you click cloud, you click it. Instead, you click   cloud, you click it. Instead, you click new work tree. Okay? And it new work tree. Okay? And it   new work tree. Okay? And it automatically selected main, but that's automatically selected main, but that's   automatically selected main, but that's it. Then when I kick it off, as you can it. Then when I kick it off, as you can   it. Then when I kick it off, as you can see with this thread, this one's using a see with this thread, this one's using a   see with this thread, this one's using a work tree. Now, the times that you work tree. Now, the times that you   work tree. Now, the times that you really don't need work trees is if you really don't need work trees is if you   really don't need work trees is if you have agents running on completely have agents running on completely   have agents running on completely different areas of the code base. One different areas of the code base. One   different areas of the code base. One last note about cloud agents. Make sure last note about cloud agents. Make sure   last note about cloud agents. Make sure to set them up with a full environment. to set them up with a full environment.   to set them up with a full environment. The same thing you would give your local The same thing you would give your local   The same thing you would give your local environment. So, local keys.env.local, environment. So, local keys.env.local,   environment. So, local keys.env.local, all of the things that you would give to all of the things that you would give to   all of the things that you would give to your local environment to make sure that your local environment to make sure that   your local environment to make sure that it runs well, to make sure it has access it runs well, to make sure it has access   it runs well, to make sure it has access to the different tools it needs, you to the different tools it needs, you   to the different tools it needs, you also need to do that in the cloud also need to do that in the cloud   also need to do that in the cloud environment. Each one, Cursor, Codex, environment. Each one, Cursor, Codex,   environment. Each one, Cursor, Codex, Cloud Code, Factory, they all have Cloud Code, Factory, they all have   Cloud Code, Factory, they all have interfaces on the web in which you can interfaces on the web in which you can   interfaces on the web in which you can go in and input your client secrets, go in and input your client secrets,   go in and input your client secrets, input your environment variables, and input your environment variables, and   input your environment variables, and you want to treat that as its own you want to treat that as its own   you want to treat that as its own environment and give it full power by environment and give it full power by   environment and give it full power by doing so. All right. Now, one of the doing so. All right. Now, one of the   doing so. All right. Now, one of the benefits of using a Cursor or a Factory benefits of using a Cursor or a Factory   benefits of using a Cursor or a Factory or a Devin is that you have multimodal or a Devin is that you have multimodal   or a Devin is that you have multimodal functionality. That means you're not functionality. That means you're not   functionality. That means you're not completely dependent on an Open AI completely dependent on an Open AI   completely dependent on an Open AI model. If you're using Codex, you're not model. If you're using Codex, you're not   model. If you're using Codex, you're not completely dependent on using an completely dependent on using an   completely dependent on using an Anthropic model. If you're using Cloud Anthropic model. If you're using Cloud   Anthropic model. If you're using Cloud Code, that's one of the benefits of Code, that's one of the benefits of   Code, that's one of the benefits of using one of these alternatives. But why using one of these alternatives. But why   using one of these alternatives. But why is multimodal important? If Anthropic or is multimodal important? If Anthropic or   is multimodal important? If Anthropic or Open AI has the most frontier model, the Open AI has the most frontier model, the   Open AI has the most frontier model, the best model on the planet, why don't I best model on the planet, why don't I   best model on the planet, why don't I just use that? Well, there's two just use that? Well, there's two   just use that? Well, there's two reasons. Speed and cost. Not everybody reasons. Speed and cost. Not everybody   reasons. Speed and cost. Not everybody has infinite tokens. And if you have to has infinite tokens. And if you have to   has infinite tokens. And if you have to be mindful about your token spending, be mindful about your token spending,   be mindful about your token spending, using multiple models is actually a using multiple models is actually a   using multiple models is actually a really good way to reduce your AI costs. really good way to reduce your AI costs.   really good way to reduce your AI costs. Plus, if you're not using the top model Plus, if you're not using the top model   Plus, if you're not using the top model all the time, you're actually going to all the time, you're actually going to   all the time, you're actually going to be able to complete tasks faster. And be able to complete tasks faster. And   be able to complete tasks faster. And let me show you how I do this. So, let me show you how I do this. So,   let me show you how I do this. So, here's an example of a multi-model here's an example of a multi-model   here's an example of a multi-model workflow, and you can set this up as a workflow, and you can set this up as a   workflow, and you can set this up as a skill, which is really cool. You can skill, which is really cool. You can   skill, which is really cool. You can define in a skill which model to use at define in a skill which model to use at   define in a skill which model to use at which point and for what use. So, for which point and for what use. So, for   which point and for what use. So, for example, let's say I'm building a brand example, let's say I'm building a brand   example, let's say I'm building a brand new feature. I will do the planning with new feature. I will do the planning with   new feature. I will do the planning with Fable. I want it to look at my entire Fable. I want it to look at my entire   Fable. I want it to look at my entire codebase. I want it to come up with a codebase. I want it to come up with a   codebase. I want it to come up with a detailed plan about how to actually do detailed plan about how to actually do   detailed plan about how to actually do and build this feature. But, once I come and build this feature. But, once I come   and build this feature. But, once I come up with this overall plan, I don't up with this overall plan, I don't   up with this overall plan, I don't necessarily need a Fable-level model to necessarily need a Fable-level model to   necessarily need a Fable-level model to execute it, to actually write the code. execute it, to actually write the code.   execute it, to actually write the code. In fact, a model like Composer is In fact, a model like Composer is   In fact, a model like Composer is actually excellent at writing code. actually excellent at writing code.   actually excellent at writing code. Maybe it's not as good at seeing around Maybe it's not as good at seeing around   Maybe it's not as good at seeing around corners and knowing every little bit corners and knowing every little bit   corners and knowing every little bit about the codebase and planning this about the codebase and planning this   about the codebase and planning this massive feature, but once that's done massive feature, but once that's done   massive feature, but once that's done and knows what to write, it is excellent and knows what to write, it is excellent   and knows what to write, it is excellent at doing so. And then last, maybe I do at doing so. And then last, maybe I do   at doing so. And then last, maybe I do the review with GPT 5.5. So, after the review with GPT 5.5. So, after   the review with GPT 5.5. So, after Composer wrote everything, rather than Composer wrote everything, rather than   Composer wrote everything, rather than sending it back to Fable, I'm going to sending it back to Fable, I'm going to   sending it back to Fable, I'm going to give it to a different model just to get give it to a different model just to get   give it to a different model just to get an alternative viewpoint on what was an alternative viewpoint on what was   an alternative viewpoint on what was written. So, review the code. And all of written. So, review the code. And all of   written. So, review the code. And all of this, again, can be written into a skill this, again, can be written into a skill   this, again, can be written into a skill very easily. All right, next. I have to very easily. All right, next. I have to   very easily. All right, next. I have to share this because it is an unsolved share this because it is an unsolved   share this because it is an unsolved problem. I have spoken to the OpenAI problem. I have spoken to the OpenAI   problem. I have spoken to the OpenAI team. I've spoken to the Cursor team. team. I've spoken to the Cursor team.   team. I've spoken to the Cursor team. I've talked to the best agentic I've talked to the best agentic   I've talked to the best agentic engineers on the planet, and this is an engineers on the planet, and this is an   engineers on the planet, and this is an unsolved problem. And that is merging unsolved problem. And that is merging   unsolved problem. And that is merging and deploys. And specifically, if you and deploys. And specifically, if you   and deploys. And specifically, if you have, like me, potentially a dozen have, like me, potentially a dozen   have, like me, potentially a dozen agents running in parallel, and you're agents running in parallel, and you're   agents running in parallel, and you're trying to get all of that code onto trying to get all of that code onto   trying to get all of that code onto production around the same time, it gets production around the same time, it gets   production around the same time, it gets so frustrating and so slow. So, let's so frustrating and so slow. So, let's   so frustrating and so slow. So, let's say you have one agent that is looking say you have one agent that is looking   say you have one agent that is looking to merge into main, they do so, and then to merge into main, they do so, and then   to merge into main, they do so, and then all of a sudden it kicks off the CI, it all of a sudden it kicks off the CI, it   all of a sudden it kicks off the CI, it kicks off the deploy process. Great, you kicks off the deploy process. Great, you   kicks off the deploy process. Great, you have to wait a couple minutes for that. have to wait a couple minutes for that.   have to wait a couple minutes for that. Then the second agent, right around the Then the second agent, right around the   Then the second agent, right around the same time, comes in and it's like, same time, comes in and it's like,   same time, comes in and it's like, "Okay, I want to get my code into main "Okay, I want to get my code into main   "Okay, I want to get my code into main as well. Let me do that." And then it as well. Let me do that." And then it   as well. Let me do that." And then it says, "Oh, wait, there's new changes says, "Oh, wait, there's new changes   says, "Oh, wait, there's new changes there. I haven't seen those changes. there. I haven't seen those changes.   there. I haven't seen those changes. Okay, let me rebase on my local repo, Okay, let me rebase on my local repo,   Okay, let me rebase on my local repo, let me rerun all of those tests, and let me rerun all of those tests, and   let me rerun all of those tests, and then let me try merging again. And then then let me try merging again. And then   then let me try merging again. And then once it finally does merge, it has to once it finally does merge, it has to   once it finally does merge, it has to actually run all of those CI and deploy actually run all of those CI and deploy   actually run all of those CI and deploy process again and again. And basically, process again and again. And basically,   process again and again. And basically, if you can imagine, you have a third one if you can imagine, you have a third one   if you can imagine, you have a third one and a fourth one, and they're all trying and a fourth one, and they're all trying   and a fourth one, and they're all trying to do the same thing on the same code to do the same thing on the same code   to do the same thing on the same code base, and they start stumbling over each base, and they start stumbling over each   base, and they start stumbling over each other. They start locking the commit other. They start locking the commit   other. They start locking the commit process, they start locking the deploy process, they start locking the deploy   process, they start locking the deploy process. What, they're all just waiting, process. What, they're all just waiting,   process. What, they're all just waiting, and then every single time one of them and then every single time one of them   and then every single time one of them gets through, every other one of them gets through, every other one of them   gets through, every other one of them has to restart the process completely. has to restart the process completely.   has to restart the process completely. It's broken. There really isn't a good It's broken. There really isn't a good   It's broken. There really isn't a good way to fix this. I've heard of a couple way to fix this. I've heard of a couple   way to fix this. I've heard of a couple ways, but none of them are perfect. The ways, but none of them are perfect. The   ways, but none of them are perfect. The only real thing to do is to just be only real thing to do is to just be   only real thing to do is to just be patient, and one trick that I sometimes patient, and one trick that I sometimes   patient, and one trick that I sometimes use is set up a bunch of PRs, and then use is set up a bunch of PRs, and then   use is set up a bunch of PRs, and then do batch commits. Just allow a single do batch commits. Just allow a single   do batch commits. Just allow a single agent to look at all the changes, agent to look at all the changes,   agent to look at all the changes, combine them, and then merge and deploy combine them, and then merge and deploy   combine them, and then merge and deploy all at once. all at once.   all at once. Definitely far from perfect. And in Definitely far from perfect. And in   Definitely far from perfect. And in fact, it's such a known problem that fact, it's such a known problem that   fact, it's such a known problem that literally today, Cursor just announced literally today, Cursor just announced   literally today, Cursor just announced they're building their own Git they're building their own Git   they're building their own Git alternative, specifically built for alternative, specifically built for   alternative, specifically built for agent scale deployment. So, this is agent scale deployment. So, this is   agent scale deployment. So, this is still a big problem. It's not really still a big problem. It's not really   still a big problem. It's not really solved, and hopefully it will be soon. solved, and hopefully it will be soon.   solved, and hopefully it will be soon. And again, one of the most important And again, one of the most important   And again, one of the most important things in this entire video that I want things in this entire video that I want   things in this entire video that I want you to go away with is automations and you to go away with is automations and   you to go away with is automations and loops. And if you want to learn more loops. And if you want to learn more   loops. And if you want to learn more about loops, I made a whole video about about loops, I made a whole video about   about loops, I made a whole video about it. Check it out right here. 